If a goal is worthy, then any means taken to attain it is justifiable.


Goal plays an important factor for achieving dream. While it doesnt
mean to attain it by any means is justifiable. It depends on he/she 
whether taking it as negative or positive. However I would personally
suggest a balanced factor is required.

Goals are the reason a person would get to know that he/she
is making a good progress. To attain something successfully,
one must keep their daily goal and try their best to complete it.
As the famous quote by LLJ. also said "Stay focused, Achieve your Dream and
keep moving towards your goal daily". I personally would think that one must live
with their own goals daily as without goals there is no means to live a life. The world
known master mind of technology "Steve Jobs" was successfull because he used to asked
question daily "What do we know, What have we learnt". He was persistently with his hard work
and tried his best to achieve his target daily, made him the multi-billionaire and a successfull tech-company
well known in the world.

It is worthy if a person do acheive it by his dilligence nature. A person thinking about achieving
it with any means can lead him/her to an unsuccessfull life. One must keep their goal in their mind
and work for it persistently to achieve it. He/She must create a new goal with an specific time duration
, to keep him/her making progress. As at the end he/she will be successfull with the help of his goals 
and making him/her thanking about her scheduled goals and hardwork. An famous CEO of international company 
Nike said " Just Do it ", explaining as he/she must complete their task daily to achieve their goals. As at the
end of the day he make a good progress at his/her goals. 

As hardwork is the ultimate prerequiste of goal, though some people may achieve it 
with a decietfull way. As this road may lead him/her to a bog of crowd with no goals and success.
Well it may gives an windfall to the person but it doesnt make him to achieve his dreams of his life.
Goals do never make any negative impact on a person, it is a person taking it in a wrong way making him/her
unsuccessfull in life

Hence it can be said it depends on the individual whether the goal has to be attain by any means, as
it depends on the peron making it as positive or negative impact on him/her. 